>> Brian Holt: So go over to ClientApp.js.
We're gonna get rid of
all this stuff up here.
So get rid of all the MyTitle
stuff cuz we're gonna import that.
And then get rid of the h1 cuz
you don't need that either.
And what we're gonna do up here is we're
gonna say import React from 'react',
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom'.
And import MyTitle from ./MyTitle.
>> Speaker 2: Brian.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: We have a question about if
you could explain the difference between
react and, excuse me, require and import.
>> Brian Holt: I mean, there are a bunch
of fine differences between the two.
Particularly one is EF6 is static and
CommonJS is dynamic.
And all that means basically is with
static imports, you get the ability to do
what's called static analysis which leads
to live code inclusion AKA tree shaking.
Which basically means you can have your
code be analyzed and have it rip out
all of the unneeded parts which actually
Webpack will do for you for free.
Well, a combination of Webpack and
Uglify together will do that for you.
Whereas require it's all determined.
You can't statically analyze that
which ends up meaning that if you include
something you have to include everything
because you don't know if it's
gonna be included later or not.
There's a bunch of other
fine difference but
suffice to say, they more or
less end up being very similar.
>> Speaker 2: People are getting
syntax errors with the import.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
I haven't gotten there yet.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
Give me a sec.
[LAUGH]
Save that.
You're gonna import my
title from my title.
And so now we have React being included.
React dom being included which
is being used down here.
And we have MyTitle, which is being
included from the other file, okay?
Good so far?
Cool, so now what we need to
do,
>> Brian Holt: Is
we're going to go run webpack.
>> Brian Holt: Yep so go to your terminal.
>> Brian Holt: And
you're gonna say webpack, so
first of all you're gonna need to npm and
globally install.
Npm install --global, and I gotta go
make sure I get the right version,
because it is important
which version you get.
So do,
webpack@v2.1.0-beta.25.
I know [LAUGH] I know.
>> Brian Holt: But this is the version
that we're gonna use today.
>> Speaker 3: Why don't we use
yarn to install this stuff?
>> Brian Holt: You can I just had problems
with it, with their global installs.
But you can, I mean,
suffice to say that it's interchangeable.
>> Brian Holt: They both pull
from the same registry, so.
>> Brian Holt: Path of least resistance,
I think.
>> Speaker 4: So we're just importing one
component into another component file and
In a real environment and
we just have like one index file that's
pulling in all of our components.
>> Brian Holt: I'd say in a real
environment you're gonna have
one component that pulls in multiple other
components and inside of those components,
it's gonna pull in multiple
other components, right?
So, it's just components made out of
components made out of components, right?
So, you're probably going to
eventually have one router file, right?
That pulls in all the big components.
But those won't necessarily
pull in the smaller components.
Those other route components will pull in
their smaller components which will then
pull in their smaller components.
>> Speaker 2: Question for Jonathan.
Can we remove the react and
react dom scripts from index .HTML.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, we're getting there.
[LAUGH] Okay, so
let's see.
We're gonna say web pack,
once you've done that, and
then you have to give it an entry file,
which is going to be js/Client, App.js.
So this is basically saying, hey webpack,
this is your front door, right?
And a big key about your front door,
quote unquote,
is it doesn't export anything, right?
It's the first file that
webpack's gonna see.
And then you're gonna tell it,
okay I want you to bundle this file, and
then give me one output file.
So you have to give it
a place to put your output.
So you're gonna say public
bundle.js,
>> Brian Holt: Bundle
is just the name that
people usually call it.
I would suggest sticking with that.
You don't have to, but
I would just suggest sticking with that.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so if you run that,
you should get something that
looks somewhat like that.
That basically says hey,
I included my title.
I included ClientApp.js and
I included a whole lot more crap that
you don't really have to care about.
But that's all the stuff that React
was pulling in for the most part.
>> Brian Holt: So
you ended up with this 274 kilobyte file.
Which probably seems like insanity to you.
That's because it's fairly insane.
But the reason is that we're
getting the unminified,
ungzipped development build of React,
right?
So it has a whole bunch of
debugging code included.
When you built it for
production it'll be much smaller.
In fact, we can just build it for
production right now.
If you put -p, well, not only that.
You have to say
NODE_ENV=production webpack -p.
And that'll build it for production.
>> Brian Holt: You don't have
to do that if you don't want to.
But I just wanted to show you
that there is a large difference,
right now it's 148 kilobytes.
It's much smaller.
That still NG unzipped.
So it'll get even smaller, right.
So just don't worry too much about it now.
That's all I wanted to say.
>> Brian Holt: And you also want
the debugged version right now.
Because it React gives much better error
messages when it's in de bug mode.
Any questions about the build so far?
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So go to index.html.
>> Brian Holt: Get rid of these
three scripts right here.
>> Brian Holt: Say script source equals
public/bundle.js.
Now we don't have to include anything
else, we don't have to keep going and
adding files or anything dumb like that.
We only have to include one
bundle file ever and this is, and
now we're done editing this for
a long time.
>> Brian Holt: So if you save that.
Come back to your browser and
you refresh, everything still works but
we're only including one file.
>> Brian Holt: Any questions about that?
Yeah?
>> Speaker 2: Enri is asking can
components be pulled at runtime
by injecting the JavaScript,
something like plugins
pulled in at runtime.
>> Brian Holt: I think the answer to that
question is yes, using code splitting.
You can basically tell a web pack, and
this is something we do tomorrow, but
you can basically tell web pack here's a
bundle of code I don't need right away and
I'm gonna inject this layer dynamically.
And I will show you how to do
that at the end of tomorrow